["Stock ClerkDixon, MO-Work ExperienceStock ClerkChenega - Fort Leonard Wood, MO-August 2017 to PresentJob duties include: Material handling.  Preparing inventory for shipment.  Generating shipping documents. Reclassifying inventory.  Making arrangements for shipment of inventory.  Operating a forklift to load inventory onto an 18-wheeler. Handling individual clothing records of soldiers and issuing equipment to them as well as receiving equipment and verifying inventory quantities.  Making appointments for military units to return equipment and clothing and keeping a calendar of these appointments.  Taking phone calls and either making the appointment or routing the call to the appropriate department.   Making appointments via email as well.   Making sure all equipment in the building is functioning correctly and seeing to the repair of equipment or facilities that are not functioning correctly.\xa0Contact Human Resources Kim Smith: (210) 424-2094Assistant ManagerM&M Custard - Saint Robert, MO-October 2016 to August 2017My job duties included: Receiving incoming shipments and verifying goods delivered against invoices.   Hiring and training new employees.  Supervising all aspects of an employees duties during a shift.  Handling large amounts of cash and compiling data records of daily sales, employee performance and customer service into reports to sent to the corporate office on a daily basis.  I also was in charge of securing the building when closed for business and counseling employees when warranted.\xa0Kim Cupples (417-234-6280)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesMovie Theater Projectionst, Food operations SupervisorArmy and Air Force Exchange Service - Fort Leonard Wood, MO-March 2010 to October 2016Fort Leonard Wood\xa0Fort Leonard Wood, MO   65473 United States\xa0\xa003/2010 - Present\xa0Salary: 13.85  USD Per Hour\xa0Hours per week: 30\xa0Pay Plan: Other\xa0Movie Theater Projectionst, Food operations Supervisor (This is a federal job)\xa0Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0As the head movie theater projectionist. I took care of all issues with the building that affect our operation by coordinating with the 1st engineer brigade and contractors involved. I took care of having our movie schedules posted on our website, in the newspaper, having our posters with the show times made. I also scheduled what dates and times the movies played, did maintenance and repairs on our 35mm film projectors and also took care of making sure films were received and shipped in a timely manner. On a regular basis I lifted objects that weight between 50 and 100 pounds.\xa0Now that I have been promoted to food operations supervisor I am responsible for maintaining an accurate cash register, preparing the operation to open, making sure that all food is cooked to the appropriate temperatures, training employees, keeping the food preparation area clean according to regulations, disciplining employees when appropriate, closing and securing the building.\xa0Supervisor: Debra Johns (573-329-5090)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesManager of Special ProjectsWarren Family Farm - Dixon, MO-March 2009 to September 2011Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0Operates Lawn Mowers. Dig post holes for fences. Build Chicken pens and fencing. Clear land for future crops. Locating the proper supplies for constructing pens and improvising when supplies are not available without sacrificing quality. Receives requests for supplies; processes and orders supplies; and, stocks Self Service Supply centers. Receives, delivers and processes bulk packages; prepares supply stock levels. Completes assigned tasks with little or no supervision. Responsibilities also included receiving, opening, reading and presorting incoming materials into principal classifications\xa0Supervisor: Sheila Warren (573-336-5633)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesAccount ManagerKeller's Rental Place - Saint Robert, MO-August 2007 to March 2009Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0Spent between 25 and 30 hours per week assisting individuals with the completion of their loan application(s), including financial documentation required in support of each application.\xa0Opened and closed the store in accordance with company policy, by deactivating and activating the alarm system. •Filed all documents and ensured that they were properly identified and completed. Created bar code labels for keeping track of inventory. Responded to inquiries from customers, their authorized representative and other third parties. Ensured that proper procurement processes were followed for the acquisition of goods and services and the execution of contracts and leases and the integrity of the procurement process was upheld.\xa0Responsible for receiving, opening, reading and pre sorting incoming materials into principal classifications Operated a cash register and sold merchandise. Answered phones. Took messages and routed phone calls to the appropriate person. Secured equipment and funds. Made deposits from $1,500 - $2,000 per day. Conducted physical inventory of stock, moved merchandise and rearranged showroom floor. Set up displays, greeted customers and handled contracts. Responsible for daily and weekly payment schedule reports. Maintained records of shipments and returns of merchandise. Maintained records on vehicle usage, fuel usage and vehicle repairs. Did vehicle inspections and maintained records of inspections. Performed a variety of tasks to assist customers in reconciling discrepancies in payment logs. Researched catalog data and supply status for customers, to determine if items had been received or returned. Wrote contracts for customers, and ensured that the contracts were legal and reflective of the services and equipment being rented. Increased the company's revenue by lowering the amount of delinquent customers from 20% down to an average of 2%\xa0Supervisor: Eric Glissman (573-368-2832)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes\xa0\xa0Victory Fellowship Church of God\xa024400 Southside Road\xa0Waynesville, MO   65583 United StatesYouth TeacherVictory Fellowship Church of God-March 2007 to May 2008Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0I taught the teenagers in the church and showed them movies related to the material we covered in class.\xa0Supervisor: Frank Brunais (573-774-6591)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesHead of Business DevelopmentDust Storm Productions - Bolivar, MO-April 2006 to January 2008Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0Secured agreements with merchants to carry our movies for sale at their business establishments, and worked in Public Affairs. Received and processed payments for our movies when they were sold through those establishments.\xa0Supervisor: Reece Tedford (417-298-4069)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesAssistant ManagerB and B Theaters - Waynesville, MO-February 2006 to August 2007Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0I would train shift leaders on use of the RTS computer system that we used at the theater.\xa0I also performed some Human Resources Duties such as scheduling, supervision, and payroll documentation of 30 employees. Also performed reviews with staff, and made recommendations for raises and promotions. Was responsible for daily receipts of ten to twenty thousand dollars. Maintained records of number of customers. Maintained records of food sales. Handled customer complaints and concerns or directed them to the manager. Performed regular inventory and ordering of supplies. Kept records of received shipments of stock. Prepared daily and weekly sales and expense reports for corporate offices using Microsoft Excel. Prepared monthly and quarterly manpower, productivity, and equipment status reports. Performed maintenance on movie projectors replaced or repaired couplers, gear boxes, adjusted timing mechanisms, replaced motors, adjusted spring coil parts as needed. Had to learn to use new computer software by reading manuals and applying the information as needed.\xa0Supervisor: Kathy Dorson (573-592-7832)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesManagerKeller's Rental Place - Saint Robert, MO-August 2003 to February 2006Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0Assisted individuals with the completion of their loan application(s), including financial documentation required in support of each application and spent about 12 hours per week on this specific item.\xa0Performed collections, deposits, customer complaints. Did some human resources work such as: Established employee work schedules and performance objectives and appraisals. Counseled employees who had strayed from following company policy, hired new employees, terminated employees who were not meeting expectations after being counseled numerous time, trained new employees to make sure they understood what was expected of them, and made recommendations for promotions or raises. Handled all day to day operations of that branch of the company. Was responsible for filling out daily, weekly, and monthly reports of income, gains, losses, deliveries, returns. Completed physical inventory of stock on hand. Kept track of incoming shipments of merchandise and supplies. Kept track of outgoing merchandise. Insured that building was secured at the end of the day by setting the alarm system. Would meet in person with customers and make sure that all parties are adhering to the terms of the contract handled all day to day operations of the store including scheduling of staff, collections, and deposits of money. Wrote contracts for customers, and ensured that the contracts were legal and reflective of the services and equipment being rented and making sure that all parties adhered to the terms of the contracts. On average had the lowest numbers of delinquent customers in the company. Was responsible for daily, weekly, and monthly reports of income, gains, losses, deliveries, and returns. Kept track of incoming shipments of merchandise and supplies, as well as inventory on an ongoing basis. Assigned Routes to drivers and dispatched company vehicles. Maintained vehicle maintenance reports. Operated a cash register and sold merchandise.\xa0Supervisor: Eric Glissman (573-368-2832)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesSpecial Projects CoordinatorStars of Music - Atlanta, GA-February 2002 to January 2003Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:\xa0Contacted private sector entertainment companies to establish agreements with them to promote our music artists in a way that was mutually beneficial to all parties involved. Occasionally dealt with the media in regards to interviews with our music artists, as well as other public affairs work.\xa0Supervisor: Edgel Groves (770-329-5298)\xa0Okay to contact this Supervisor: YesEducationWaynesville High School - Waynesville, MO"]