["Certified Nursing AssistantBillings, MT-Willing to relocate: AnywhereAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceCertified Nursing AssistantInterim HealthCare - Billings, MT-December 2017 to February 2018As a CNA it was my job to clean and sanitize patient rooms, bathrooms, or other patient areas. Document and/or report observations of patient behavior, complaints, or physical symptoms to nurses. Apply clean dressings, slings, stockings, or support bandages, under direction of nurse or physician. Assist residents with showering and other activities of daily living if needed. Transfer residents to and from beds, wheelchairs, bathrooms, dinning halls, and other activity rooms.Casino Game AttendantBistecca at the Granary - Billings, MT-April 2016 to August 2016As a Casino Game Attendant my job was to monitor performance of slot machines activity and conditions of casino slot area. Ensure all slot machines were operable and identified for repairs as necessary. Handle customer relations and minor customer disputes. Verify and pay jackpots. And assist guest with machines if needed.CashierWalter's IGA - Sheridan, MT-August 2015 to February 2016As a cashier my job was to scan the items that the customer wished to purchase through a cash register. Collect the payment (in cash, check and/or by credit/debit card) make change, and issue a receipt to customers. Stock items on shelves as needed. Maintain cleanliness of working area.Lifeguard/Swim TeacherRuby Valley Swimming Pool - Sheridan, MT-May 2014 to August 2015The pool was only open for summer months (June-August/September) each year. As a lifeguard and swim teacher it was my job to greet patrons as they entered and mark their member passes on a computer. Sign up new members. Maintain cleanliness of locker rooms. Sell snack and beverage items. Teach kids how to swim, from beginners to older levels. Make sure all patrons were obeying the safety regulations. Document/report and accidents or incidents regarding patrons. Check and close out the Til each day and make sure it was ready for the next day.Movie Theater AttendantCarmike Cinemas - Billings, MT-January 2015 to March 2015Working at the theater I had a few different titles. As a concession employee it was my job to sell popcorn, candy, drinks, and other snacks for patrons to enjoy. As a ticket salesperson it was my job to sell tickets to customers for whichever movie they wanted to see. As an usher I would check ticket stubs at the theater doors and ensure behavioral and cleanliness standards remain upheld in the facility. As a floor person it was my job to make sure each theater was playing the right movie and that the sound and display were all working properly, after each film we would go in and clean up any trash we found to get the theater ready for the next movie and group of people. When closing I would do all of the dishes used for all machines and then mop the back room floor.Hostess/ServerRio Sabinas - Billings, MT-October 2014 to March 2015As a hostess it was my job to greet guests in a timely manner, take them to their seats and provide them with silverware and menus. Monitor table rotations and make sure each server is equally and fairly seated. Watch for clean tables that are ready for new guests. Answer phone calls, take reservations, and place take-out orders. As a Waitress it was my job to take orders and serve food and beverages to guests in our restaurant. Ensure high quality of food and beverages to guests. Greet the guest(s) in a friendly, efficient manner. Maintain a clean and safe work environment. Make sure the guests feel welcome, comfortable and well attended to at all times.EducationHigh school or equivalentSierra Charter - Fresno, CA2011 to 2012SkillsCustomer Service (5 years), Cash Handling (5 years), Server (4 years), Teamwork (5 years), Conflict Resolution (5 years)Certifications/LicensesCertified Nursing Assistant (CNA)October 2017 to October 2018BLS/CPRNovember 2017 to November 2019Lifeguarding/First Aid/CPR/AEDMay 2014 to May 2016"]