Pharmacy TechnicianOmaha, NE-Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperiencePharmacy TechnicianUSave Pharmacy - Gretna, NE-May 2015 to PresentResponsibilities\xa0Answer patient questions and resolve their problems. Process new and refill prescriptions. Report all drug adverse events. Assist in streamlining communication with the patient, pharmacist, insurance companies, nurses and other healthcare related parties. Perform all task in a safe manner consistent with the federal law. I prepare medication by counting tablets and labeling the bottles. I ring up patients prescriptions and handle cash.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0I learned to troubleshoot pharmacy equipment for minor issues which avoided making maintenance phone calls. I began working as a pharmacy cashier and was promoted to a pharmacy technician within a month and a half of working there. I was assigned to organize our prescription inventory to keep all prescriptions to avoid having expired prescriptions on the shelf.\xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0I demonstrated the ability to work in a detail oriented manner. I have extensive knowledge of pharmacology terminology. I demonstrate attention to detail carefulness. I exhibit organizational and interpersonal skills. I provide customer service. I verify the prescription and set price based upon insurance I formation. I use mathematical calculations. I follow written instructions and specific directions. I demonstrate great ability to multitask in a fast paced environment.Movie UsherMarcus Theatres - Omaha, NE-August 2012 to August 2014Responsibilities\xa0Handled cash, customer service, prepare and serve food, host birthday parties, clean Theatres, restrooms and lobby.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0I was able to provide a relaxing and enjoyable time for customers who were seeing movies.\xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0Customer service, money handling, and organization skills.EducationMaster's in Occupational TherapyCollege of Saint Mary - Omaha, NE2016 to 2020Bachelor's in Exercise ScienceUniversity of Nebraska at Omaha - Omaha, NE2015 to 2015BA in Nutrition ScienceUniversity of Nebraska-Lincoln - Lincoln, NE2014 to 2015SkillsMicrosoft (8 years), Customer Service (4 years), Team Player (10+ years), Time Management (4 years), Inventory Control (Less than 1 year), Insurance (Less than 1 year), Pharmacology (Less than 1 year), Organizational Skills (8 years), Phone Etiquette (4 years), Detail Oriented (3 years), Communication (7 years), Employee Relations (4 years), Basic Computer Skills (10+ years), Compliance (7 years), Dependable (7 years)