['Probation SupervisorHardyville, KY-Willing to relocate to: warren county - larue county - Hardin countyAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceProbation SupervisorKentucky Alternative Programs - Munfordville, KY-August 2017 to February 2018At KAPs i Managed the office and attended court on Mondays and Wednesdays. My duties ranged from Running errands, doing the daily deposit, filing, data entry, ordering office supplies, administering drug screens, and communicating with lawyers and other elected officials in the community. While at kaps i received training on GPS hookups, scram units, and preforming hair follicle test. The only reason for leaving this company is because they are moving north and i will not be able to commute that far.movie set EMTHorse and buggy film productions - Horse Cave, KY-October 2017 to December 2017i worked as a set EMT. At this job i was on stand by just incase and actor or a set member got injured.Firefighter/EMTHorse cave fire dept - Horse Cave, KY-September 2013 to May 2017At horse cave fire department I was in training for 3 years to become a certified fire fighter I attained that and worked as firefighter for a year and during that year I managed to attain my national registry for a emt. I served 4 months as a emt At the fire department. I also managed paper work. Such as run reports and billing. I managed to gain experience with Microsoft office and other computer software programs.EducationEMT-b in EMT-bHart county ambulance service - Munfordville, KYAugust 2016 to February 2017CriminologyWestern Kentucky University - Glasgow, KYAugust 2016 to September 2016High school or equivalentCaverna High School - Horse Cave, KYAugust 2004 to May 2016SkillsBilling (1 year), Cleaning (2 years), Microsoft office (3 years), Management (Less than 1 year), Answering Phones (3 years), Ordering (1 year), Data Entry (2 years), Filing (2 years), Communications (2 years), Accounting (1 year)Additional InformationI shadowed a lawyer for 6 months. During those 6 months I completed various tasks. Such as cleaning, scheduling appointments, and answering phone calls. \xa0\xa0I also teach fire prevention to pre school thru 5th grade.']