Store ManagerStore Manager - BEVMOFallbrook, CA-Retail management professional with experience in planning and directing administrative affairs.  Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment.  Well rounded performer committed to continued excellence. Excels in implementing creative programs to help to build store morale and consistent increase in sales.Work ExperienceStore ManagerBEVMO - Encinitas, CA-August 2015 to PresentCurrently Store Manager in the Vista store which was a store that as losing sales and now is currently ahead  3 percent over last year.  The store is completely re merchandised and one of the top looking stores in the San Diego district.  I have trained my current management staff  to a team that is positive and are ready for their next promotion.Store ManagerGIANT - State College-June 2013 to June 2014Increased store sales by 6% from prior year; have maintained the lowest shrink in perishable departments in our district; have consistently met or been below payroll budgets.  I have established a \'team cohesion\' with staff which has greatly improved employee morale.  I have focused on multi cultural demographics which has resulted in increased ethnic sales.Store DirectorGONZALEZ NORTHGATE MARKETS - Fallbrook, CA-October 2009 to June 2013Increased store sales over 18% from prior year; increased food safety projection to 97%; decreased overtime by 100 hours per week; have consistently met or been below payroll budgets.  Re-merchandised store to meet neighborhood needs and have re-established a positive relationship with vendors.  Created a \'uniform dress code\' poster which was duplicated and implemented company wide.  Have formed a \'shrink committee\' with district manager and will be rolling out new program companywide within next six months.\xa0\xa0EMPLOYMENT GAP: In February 2009 I accepted an early buyout offer from Albertson\'s.Store DirectorALBERTSON\'S - San Clemente, CA-August 1988 to February 2009I have been part of three grand-opening teams in the Orange County area.  I spearheaded the company\'s most successful grand opening in Irvine in 2003, surpassing merchandising goals set by the company.  Have also successfully completed four store remodels while daily operations went uninterrupted.  Advocate of strong team performance by sharing information, establishing guidelines and celebrating success.  Select, train, coach and develop employees for peak performance and individual advancement.  Daily supervision of over 100 employees.  Responsible for all human resource issues as well as hiring and disciplinary actions.  Completed a full store remodel in December 2008 and showed a profit for the sales quarter which exceeded sales expectations.  As a member of the Store Director Council, our council represents 245 stores and directors and acts as a liaison between directors and the Southern California Executive Committee.EducationHigh school or equivalentAdditional Information• Provide outstanding customer service with timely and accurate responses to all customers and associates\xa0• Develop effective plans, objectives and goals that achieve desired results\xa0• Organize work in a systematic way, establish clear lines of responsibility and delegate effectively\xa0• Initiate and maintain systems to monitor and influence expenses and budgets\xa0• Gather and analyze data; implement effective decisions in a timely manner\xa0• Self motivated with high performance standards; strong emphasis on goals, deadlines and quality of work\xa0• Strong work ethic with ability to execute a variety of projects simultaneously\xa0• Strong understanding of demographics and capturing additional sales\xa0• Recognized for three years participation with the 2nd Marines, 5th Battalion, "Team Cody Welcome Home"\xa0• Served as 2nd Vice President for the Fallbrook Boys and Girls Club, enforcing a strong community presence\xa0• Was in charge of southern Orange County   district shrink team and audited stores for ways to improve shrink control