Store DirectorStaten Island, NY-I am a dedicated, outgoing, trustworthy individual who will succeed in any given environment.  My experiences in the Retail industry have facilitated me being a fast learner and always up for a challenge, whatever the situation.  I work well with others and am efficient and effective on my own.  I am seeking a position where I can develop and excel while giving my best to an employer.\xa0\xa0•   Exceptional Customer Service\xa0•   Staffing\xa0•   Merchandising and DisplayWilling to relocate: AnywhereAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceStore DirectorFashion To Figure - Elizabeth, NJ-September 2015 to December 2017Embraces and implements company's mission, purpose,and values. Support business objectives to ensure the integrity of the company's culture and standards. Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs. Directs and contributes to the guest experiences. Train store family to deliver high touch, personalized customer service. Established and maintains community relationships. Effectively communicates sales plan to the store team,and reinforces goals throughout the day/week/month. Implements and maintains operational policies and procedure standards to ensure consistent and exceptional guest experiences and satisfaction. Oversees inventory management, including receiving shipments, organizing sales floor, executing markdowns, and arranging merchandise transfers. Analyzes business trends and KPIs,specifically traffic, to create effective schedules. Manages payroll preparation and control. Develops store team through effective assessment, coaching, mentoring, and training. Recruits, hires and on-boards top talent.Foster a sense of family and motivate others to perform their best. Coaches and develops family members for growth and advancement. Ensure that merchandising and visual standards are consistently upheld, as well as maintenance of the overall store condition. Responsible for the overall performance of store consistently collaborating with District Store Director to ensure business success. Serve as a role model and leads by example to create a positive, high performing, and unique environment where people are excited to come to work.. Communicates effectively across all levels of the organization. Actively participates in weekly District and Store Director calls. Demonstrates consistency, dependability, and flexibility. Exhibits a commitment to excellence and attention to detail. Takes initiative and makes sound decisions to support the needs of the business and the FTF family and positively impacts the guest experience.Store ManagerLids Locker Room - Staten Island, NY-2014 to September 2015Responsibilities\xa0To provide an authentic fan experience to each guest. Fulfill all online purchases. Ensure that the store is 100% recovered and replenished. Overseas a staff of 7. Hiring and terminating. Making and ensuring that the schedule is posted in a timely manner. Opening and closing the store. Overseeing the district when DM is not available. Keeping shrink inline to company's expectations. Ensuring that all bank deposits have been made and accounted for. \xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0Learned how to do customization. Learning how to truly appreciate sports. Seeing how my team accepted the challenges that I placed before them, and went above and beyond to accomplished them all.\xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0Provided outstanding customer service. Achieving and maintaining all KPI'S goals.Store ManagerCharming Shoppes (Fashion Bug) - Staten Island, NY-November 2000 to January 2013•   Monitored and developed store associate performance in sales, loss prevention, hourly production, units per transaction, credit and customer service\xa0•   Recruited, hired, trained and supervised associates\xa0•   Ensured that the store was properly staffed, filling all open positions in a timely manner\xa0•   Produced an Excel based weekly schedule for team of 15\xa0•   Supervised and accounted for all bank deposits\xa0•   Mitigated customer and associate problems and complaints\xa0•   Addressed disciplinary situations, up to and including terminations, as directed by and according to company guidelines\xa0•   Ensured inventory shortages were either non-existent or minimal\xa0•   Trained and enforced security policies and procedures\xa0•   Ensured that company standards for sales floor and stockroom cleanliness were exceeded\xa0•   Maintained merchandise presentation according to Visual Merchandising standards and current merchandising strategy.\xa0•   Ensured markdowns and transfers were completed accurately in a timely manner\xa0\xa0McDonald's, Staten Island, NY\xa0ASSISTANT MANAGER\xa0•   Addressed customer needs in a fast paced environment\xa0•   Managed daily bank deposits\xa0•   Monitored inventory and reviewed monthly\xa0•   Ensured that all stations were adequately stocked with inventoryEducationDiploma in BusinessMicro Practing All Age School Kingston - Kingston, NYSeptember 1989 to June 1991Additional Information•   Basic computer skills\xa0•   Strong communication skills\xa0•   Strong management skills\xa0\xa0•   Strong problem solving skills\xa0•   Strong decision making skills\xa0•   Adapts well to change