Developmental Club ManagerManager - Sam's ClubAlgonac, MI-Senior Operations and sales leader who provides stabilized and profitable P&L performance.\xa0\xa0* Implements efficiencies without disruption to profitability while adhering to delivering excellent customer service.\xa0* Strong skills in income maximizing and expense control. Strong Business Acumen.\xa0* High people management skills. Leads by example and develops strong teams. Mentors the right people for future advancement and bench strength.\xa0* Embraces diversity and change and always available to lend a hand to sister stores.\xa0* Superior written and verbal communication skillsAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceDevelopmental Club ManagerSam's Club - Port Huron, MI-2018 to PresentManage daily operation for 160,000 square foot multi million dollar warehouse club. Hired to become a Club Manager after learning all areas of the operation. Supervise staff of 230+ associates including team leads and assistant managers. Assist sister stores in the market during absence of club managers and / or assistant managers. Over see several community projects in the market. Select, develop and mentor the right people for future advancement.\xa0\xa0❖ Mentored several team leads that were promoted into management positions within the market.\xa0❖ Achieved above average results in 3 clubs for associate opinion surveys that are taken annually.\xa0❖ Drive sales increases through actively replenishing items as well as merchandising for specific events and seasons.\xa0❖ Deliver results for company objectives including but not limited to sales performance, profit performance, shrink, damage control, compliance and membership retention and increase.\xa0❖ Fund raising for several charitable organizations throughout the year.\xa0❖ Participate / volunteer for several community events including Gleaners Food Bank and Muck Fest.\xa0❖ Keeper of the culture at Sam's Club.\xa0❖ Improved process's for receiving and rotating fresh produce, freezer cooler and meat.General ManagerBORDERS BOOKS - Utica, MI-2002 to 2011Manage daily operations and sales for multi million dollar Book, Music and Video retailer. Scope of responsibility includes financial and operational management, supervising staffs of 30-50+ people including   managers and supervisors. Develop productive operational and sales teams by recruiting, developing and mentoring the right people. Assist district by developing bench strength and positioning key employees for future advancement. Deliver a profitable business to the company each year.\xa0\xa0❖ Consistently achieve company objectives of P&L goals, customer service goals, shrink results, customer loyalty program (Borders Rewards) while maintaining policies, standards and practices of Borders Books.\xa0❖ Drive sales with programs such as book drives, bear & bunny drives, story-times, off sites and in store national events.\xa0❖ Achieved Store of the Month Award 3 consecutives months in a row. The only store to achieve this notoriety.\xa0❖ Develop and mentor managers, supervisors and employees by maintaining morale and challenging skills and abilities to ready those individuals for the next level.\xa0❖ Successful marketing to community: Create community relationships through weekly outreach to schools, businesses, day care centers and libraries.\xa0❖ Maintain and streamline processes of product flow.Sales ManagerTHE GREAT INDOORS-2000 to 2002Manage Daily operation of several departments within a custom home decorating retailer with over 27 million in annual sales. Supervise a staff of 50 associates. Responsibility includes sales and customer service, financial reporting and analysis, employee relations and hiring processes, merchandising, events planning and promotional execution, inventory management and mentoring of key associates and supervisors.\xa0\xa0❖ Opened new concept for interior decorating & design in metro Detroit.\xa0❖ Drive sales through visual merchandising standards and daily replenishment; developing new guidelines for both.\xa0❖ Oversee day-to-day operations of entire store.\xa0❖ Property management, supervision of maintenance and security staff.\xa0❖ Developed custom floral program and launched in-store catalog.\xa0❖ Traveled to other markets to assist in opening new stores.\xa0❖ Several Guest Service Awards and Leadership Award.\xa0❖ Created proficiency guidelines for various positions within the store.Store DirectorTOYS R US-1988 to 2000Complete responsibility for a 45,000 square foot toy store with annual sales of 20 million plus. Operated the Detroit market's busiest store in Roseville for most of my tenure. Primary focus was sales, service, P&L accountability, development of staff, merchandising, inventory management, community involvement, building and grounds maintenance, budgeting and analysis.\xa0\xa0❖ Managed staffs of 50-190 employees with an assistant, 3-5 managers and 5-8 supervisors.\xa0❖ Opened a new store and coordinated major remodels for three stores.\xa0❖ Construction Manager for several major multi million dollar renovations.\xa0❖ Numerous persons promoted from hourly through the ranks of District Manager.  mentoring after they left my store.\xa0❖ Numerous awards for customer service, sales achievements, Mystery Shops and shrink results.\xa0❖ Field trainer for Managers and Store Directors.EducationCulinary / Hospitality ManagementOakland Community CollegeCertifications/LicensesServSafe Certified2015 to 2020