Corporate District ManagerCorporate District ManagerHockessin, DE-and Introduction\xa0\xa0I am a focused and efficient professional seeking high-level management role to continue growth and leadership within a retail organization. I am passionate about profits and community involvement. I have the heart to finish any project started, and I will continue to shift priorities as new details emerge. I have a big picture sense of the organization of which I am a part of. I take personal responsibility for my stores, employees, and operations within. My sense of urgency to complete tasks set me apart from my peers, as I will finish whatever it is I set out to accomplish.Work ExperienceCorporate District ManagerSuper Valu-2012 to 2018• Responsible for up to 12 retail food stores, including hiring of management team members.\xa0• Accountable for sales, profits, profit loss, mystery shop assessments, store conditions, full profit/loss results, labor and expenses.Super Valu-2009 to 2018License District ManagerSuper Valu-2011 to 2012• Responsible for coaching, developing and teaching license owners how to drive top line sales and grow bottom line profits.\xa0• Responsible for driving sales from Save-a-lot to license owners or to increase ____. Liaison between corporate company and license owners including ordering, merchandising, resets, training, new programs, coaching and holding license holders accountable for Save-a-lot company standards.Store ManagerSuper Valu-2009 to 2011• Operational Management - Maintained an efficient and adaptable demeanor to be able to select the right course of action at any given time. Excellent customer relations and communication skills, whether leading my team of one co-manager, two assistant managers and 16 store associates, or interacting with customers and key stakeholders.\xa0• Financial Skills - Prepared weekly projects, schedules for weekly, quarterly and yearly profit and loss. SPEH.\xa0• Marketing Skills - Oversaw merchandising, space management, and implementation of mindset planning and execution of Division planning notes.\xa0• Facilities Management Skills - Oversaw building maintenance, vendor contracts, and landlord communication.\xa0• Honors within this role: 5-S Process Store. 1st in the division. Selected as a future leader in the Philadelphia division. Selected to the task reduction committee in St. Louis representing the Philadelphia division. Selected as a pilot store for the new Kronos labor scheduling program in the Philadelphia division.Store DirectorSafeway Corporation - Eagle, PA-2008 to 200959,000 sq. ft. store)\xa0• Operational Management - Responsible for entire store operation. Led a team of one assistant, one second assistant, 14 department heads, and 80 store associates, in addition to a pharmacy with 6 associates.\xa0• Financial Skills - Prepared weekly projections, schedules for weekly, quarterly and yearly profit and loss. Prepared budgets for wages, maintenance and expenses.\xa0• Human Resource Skills - Responsible for hiring, promoting, scheduling, and yearly evaluation for all associates. Organized safety meetings and implemented instructional procedures.\xa0• Facilities Management Skills - Oversaw building maintenance, vendor contracts, and landlord communication.Store DirectorSears Holding Company - Dover, DE-2006 to 2008• Operational Management - Responsible for entire store operation. Led a team of five salaried managers, 16 department heads, and 130 store associates.\xa0• Financial Skills - Prepared business projections for weekly, quarterly, and yearly profit and loss. Prepared budgets for wages, maintenance and expenses.\xa0• Human Resources Skills - Responsible for hiring, promoting, scheduling and yearly evaluation for all associates. Organized safety meetings and implemented instructional procedures. Marketing Skills - Oversaw merchandising, space management, and customer service functions. Facilities Management Skills - Oversaw building maintenance, vendor contracts, and landlord communications.\xa0• Promotion - from Dover store to Claymont store with more employees.Store DirectorSuperfresh Foods-2001 to 200650,000 sq. ft. combo store)\xa0• Increased Sales from $250,000 in 2001 to $400,000 in 2006, making it the second most profitable store in the division. Total sale volume of $21 million annually.\xa0• Operational Management - Responsible for entire store operation. Lead a team of ten department heads and 100 store associates.\xa0• Financial Skills - Prepared business projections for weekly, quarterly, and yearly profit and loss. Prepared budgets for wages, maintenance and expenses.\xa0• Human Resources Skills - Responsible for hiring, promoting, scheduling and yearly evaluation for all associates. Organized safety meetings and implemented instructional procedures.\xa0• Marketing Skills - Oversaw merchandising, space management, and customer service functions.\xa0• Facilities Management Skills - Oversaw building maintenance, vendor contracts, and landlord communications.\xa0• Promotion - from 85,000 sq. ft. store in Dover to 85,000 sq. ft. store in Claymont with more employees.Store DirectorACME Markets - Easton, MD-1973 to 200133,000 sq. ft. combo store)\xa0• Increased Sales from $240,000 to $350,000 per week, with a 40% increase as of our recycling date and increased profit margin to 4%. Managed total sale volume of $18 million annually. And managed remodeling and expansion.\xa0• Responsible for all financial, HR, marketing, and general and management duties at the Stevensville, MD.\xa0• Smyrna DE - Store Manager\xa0• Cambridge MD - Acting Store DirectorMD - Co-ManagerACME Markets - Easton, MD-1973 to 1993Positions held: Associate Store Director, Acting Store Director,    Associate Store Director, Management in Training Program, Training Services Department, Produce Manager, Office Management Team, and Clerk.EducationBusinessChesapeake Community College - Wye Mills, MDSalisbury State University - Salisbury, MDCecil County Community College