Store DirectorStore DirectorRacine, WI-Willing to relocate: AnywhereAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceStore DirectorPILOT TRAVEL CENTERS - Knoxville, TN-March 2005 to September 2016Executed business plans to achieve set standards, sales and profit objectives as well as customer satisfaction. Supervised employees, organized weekly schedules, conducted staff meetings, facilitated interviews and hired new associates, determined promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. Trained new managers and staff on store policies, procedures and customer service. Maintained inventory including compiling supply requests to replenish merchandise; stocked inventory when shipments received. Provided exceptional customer service, addressed inquiries and resolved complaints.\xa0Key Accomplishments:\xa0• Received President's Club award in 2012, given annually to top general managers within the company.\xa0• Forged professional relationships with vendors.\xa0• Played integral role in opening new store location to include recruiting and training new staff.\xa0• Promoted from assistant manager to store manager.\xa0• Successfully trained numerous employees as they entered the organization, several who moved up into management positions within the company.Store ManagerBLOCKBUSTER VIDEO - Round Lake, IL-August 2000 to March 2005Accountable for achieving sales goals, creating business plan and setting store goals. Trained new associates on point of sale systems and services. Offered outstanding customer service to generate repeat business and increase store profits. Ascertained proper cash controls and loss prevention procedures in place and followed. Completed store inventories to include restocking shelves with new products. Organized placement of merchandise to meet company demands; created weekly schedules.\xa0Key Accomplishments:\xa0• Recognized as one of Blockbuster's top performing general managers in 2003.\xa0• Nominated for Eagles Club in 2003, awarded to top performing store managers each year.Assistant ManagerPILOT TRAVEL CENTERS - WENDY'S - Nogales, AZ-June 1998 to March 1999Trained and supervised crew members of night shift; liable for sales and customer service including speed and accuracy of fulfilling orders as well as guest relations. Reconciled end of day ledgers; cleaned restaurant and equipment. Monitored food safety standards and executed cost control systems.Decontamination TechnicianPALO VERDE NUCLEAR PLANT - Phoenix, AZ-April 1998 to June 1998DECON TECH\xa0Participated in three-month outage project which involved decontaminating, cleaning and repairing items within radiation areas while reactor was shut down.ASSISTANT MANAGERMCDONALD'S - Nogales, AZ-April 1995 to June 1998Assisted manager in management duties and ran the restaurant in manager's absence. Oversaw operations during early morning shift including opening store and preparing it for the day.EducationPilot University2007