['Store ManagerStore ManagerFranksville, WI-Work ExperienceStore ManagerCVS Pharmacy/Health - Kenosha, WI-November 2012 to PresentDistrict ManagerFAMILY DOLLAR STORES - Milwaukee, WI-January 2008 to June 2011Regional Compliance Auditor, 2008 to 2009\xa0Operation of a 12 retail store market located in a challenging urban area with yearly revenues over $25 million.  Recruited, staffed and developed store managers and assistant managers to maximize sales and reduce expenses.  Forecasted budgets and coached store teams in executing to plan.  Teamed with Regional Loss Prevention Manager to reduce retail shrink through the strict adherence to company directives in customer service, receiving procedures, cash control and  merchandising standards.    Developed store layout and fixture plans and implemented annual store resets and remodels.\xa0Key Results: \xa0◆ Strengthened store management by recruiting and staffing stores with talented managers.  Trained and coached store management on merchandising standards, store conditions and customer service expectations resulting in consecutive year sales increases of 17% and 14%.\xa0◆ Reduced retail shrink by 53% over two years by identifying underperforming stores and addressing issues by recruiting management and coaching current store management in maintaining strict compliance of company standards.\xa0◆ Developed an Assistant Manager Training Manual covering issues including cash handling, loss prevention, record keeping and merchandising.  Conducted a weekly Assistant Manager training program utilizing the manual.\xa0◆ Piloted a bi-monthly onboard training sessions to new store associates to maintain consistent communication of company policies and safety standards throughout the district.  Feedback was used to develop a training program used company-wide in urban markets.\xa0◆ Fostered a teamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the district. Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind combined Store Manager and Assistant Manager retentions rate of 79% within an urban area where high turnover was the norm.\xa0◆ Played a key role in the successful launch of the Regional Compliance Auditor position.  Recruited, trained and managed 10 associates to perform ongoing  compliance audits of company policies at 25 locations.  Formulated findings of the audits and communicated pertinent findings daily with Regional Vice President, Regional Loss Prevention Manager and District Managers. Investigated serious issues and proposed measures to insure compliance on cash handling and loss prevention standards. Increased the average store audit scores by 17% in six months. \xa0Professional Experience (continued)Store DirectorROUNDY\'S INC - Milwaukee, WI-January 2006 to January 2008Managed a team of 125 store associates in the daily operations of a food and drug combination store.  Accomplished a successful conversion of systems and store operations from a current Jewel Osco store into a Pick N Save location.  Retrained current store associates in the pharmacy, cosmetic and general merchandise departments.  Motivated team members in product and label replacement and category resets.  Recommended additional product in key drug store categories to VP of General Merchandise to be introduced in Roundy\'s procurement system.  Implemented a backroom efficient organization program in over 30 current stores.\xa0Key Results: \xa0◆ Led a group of pharmacists and drug store personnel in product resets in key drug store categories.  Recommended additional health and beauty aid products to be integrated into current categories.  This tripled the number of products currently in Roundy\'s procurement operation.\xa0◆ Introduced full service outside vendors to V.P. of General Merchandise that resulted in additional sales without using store labor.  These vendors\' product were integrated into 40 stores.\xa0◆ Led store teams in over 30 current stores in remapping and reorganization of stockrooms in all departments.  This was a critical step in managing labor expenses.Store DirectorAMERICAN STORES COMPANY, ALBERTSON\'S INC - Milwaukee, WI-January 1996 to January 20061996 to 2006\xa0Demonstrated leadership ability in assembling teams for the operation of 4 stand-alone drug stores and 2 food and drug combination stores in a new market area.  Yearly sales ranged from $12 million $95 million.  Operated the top sales volume store in Milwaukee area and the first store with positive earnings.\xa0Key Results: \xa0◆ Revitalized an underperforming store, utilizing existing team members. This location achieved "2004 Jewel-Osco Store Of The Year". Was also a finalist in Albertson\'s Store Of The Year.\xa0◆ Trained 17 management trainees recruits for promotion to Assistant Manager, 4 of these were developed from Sales Clerk position hired and developed within store.\xa0◆ Promoted 7 Assistant Store Managers to Store Director position.\xa0◆ Improvised the labor standards of a new store opening using 16% less labor expense than any prior opening. Effort was acknowledged by the Company President in a store visit. Developed a week by week staffing model for new store openingsEducationElectronic technologyNorth Dakota State College of Science - Wahpeton, NDSkillsOperations (10+ years)']