['Store DirectorPalm Harbor, FL-Looking for a career to utilize my passion for people and team building. Seeking position with more emphasis on HR and people development.Work ExperienceStore DirectorSephora - Brandon, FL-May 2012 to PresentResponsibilities\xa0Responsible for all daily operations of a $4m store. Perform all talent selection, Hiring, on boarding, team building, performance management and performance appraisals. Manage  all payroll and scheduling procedures. Control and impact all profit and loss expenses, while maintaining profitable store.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0Within last 2 years we have raised the volume of this store by almost $800,000. By year end we will have jumped entire volume tier. I have promoted leadership from the store to higher positions. Assited District with training programs and talent recruiting.\xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0Leadership skills, Time management skills, organizational skills,  communication skills, ability to learn and react on the fly with little or no guidance. Ability to see the big picture and always do what is right for the team and the company. Team building, training and recruiting skills to always find top talent.Store managerVictorias secret - Tampa, FL-October 2009 to May 2012Responsibilities\xa0Responsible for all day to day operations of a $4 M retail store. In charge of all hiring and on boarding procedures including performance appraisals, management and growth of team of 40-60 team members. Responsible for scheduling, payroll and Inventory management. Emphasis on visual merchandising.  In charge of Manager in training program where I worked to chose potential high performers to interview, train and promote into Internal management positions.Operations ManagerOld Navy/Gap INC - Tampa, FLResponsibilities\xa0Responsible for all day to day operations and HR functions for a team of nearly 75-100 associates in a $10m big box retail store.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0Worked to open flagship store and created new hiring practices still in use today company wide. Hired, onboarded and trained all levels of associate for 2 buildings. \xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0Organizational skills, Time management, ability to be flexible and  react quickly to changes.Regional Recruiting Manager/ TrainerBealls - Bradenton, FLResponsibilities\xa0Reported to VP of training and development. Worked with Regional managers to establish hiring and training needs of the territory. Traveled extensively over the southeast region to recruit, hire and train all levels of store teams from PT sales to District managers. Assisted in re-writing new training materials for POS terminals, day to day daily operations guide. Conducted train the trainer seminars for store teams, store managers and district mangers. \xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0Biggest accomplishment was being able to re-write, test and implement changes to the outdated training materials that were being used company wide. As well as impacting the careers of some many team members with training and opportunity.\xa0\xa0Skills Used\xa0Recruiting and cold calling techniques. Posting and responding to all inquiries for Job ads in all media forms including newspaper ads, job fairs and websites. Interviewing and candidate selection. On boarding, training and career path development. Ability to speak to and command large audiences within different levels of the organization.EducationBA in Marketing/ManagementSPJC, University of Tampa, USF, FMU - Tampa, FL1993 to 2000SkillsLeadership, Recruiting, HR functions, Management']