["Store ManagerStore Manager - Kohl's Department StoresGrand Rapids, MI-Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceStore ManagerKohl's Department Stores-February 2011 to PresentDirect and coordinate the day to day operations of a $20 million+ volume store.  Lead a team of 3 executives, 14 supervisors and an average of 120 associates to drive results in service and sales.  Facilitate weekly strategic and tactical meetings with the management team to plan activities and sets, review sales results and upcoming marketing.  Responsible for hiring and building a great team of associates that will deliver on the company's objectives.  Coaching, motivating and development of those associates to become advocates for Kohl's.   I am the ambassador for our brand as well as all of our national brands.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0• Have taken an underperforming store location in Kalamazoo from an overall company ranking of 1101 to 792 in less than one year.  Was asked to take on this challenge based on proven track record of driving results and implementing change.\xa0• Moved the Holland store location from a ranking of 750 to 230 during my tenure in that location.\xa0• Consistently scored in the top 20% in customer service ranking in all locations.  Results in current location are a score of 79.1% versus a 72% last year.\xa0• Have been a district captain overseeing Operations for a district of 14 stores. During that timeframe our District consistently ranked in the top 10% in results related to our Omni-Channel business including Buy Online, Pick Up in Store as well as our online order fulfillment.\xa0• Have been chosen as a test store for several national brand launches and visual/marketing sets.\xa0• Was chosen as the District Seasonal Winner which gave me the opportunity to attend the multi-unit Seasonal Meeting with the winners from all districts within the territory.\xa0• Successfully implemented a new stockroom snapback process that was rolled out to the entire district.  Was the host store for the district wide training meeting.Store ManagerKohl's Department Stores - Kalamazoo, MI-February 2009 to PresentAssistant Store ManagerKohl's Department Stores-February 2009 to February 2011As the Apparel and Accessories ASM was responsible for oversight of several departments within the store including, apparel, jewelry, beauty, intimate apparel, and women's accessories.  As the HR/Ops ASM was responsible for oversight of hiring, human resource management, freight and salesfloor fill processes ad Omni Channel business.  In addition to these responsibilities was also responsible for driving service, credit and sales results.  Was expected to have four wall accountability at all times.  Was promoted in 2011 to Store Manager.District ManagerLinens N Things-April 2005 to October 2008Directed operations of 9 stores with an annual sales volume of $65 million.  Responsible for analyzing sales and service reports and create action plans for each store to achieve company objectives.  Trained and developed a high performing store manager group who in turn were able to train and develop their individual store teams.  Ensured that all stores were operating efficiently, customers were receiving excellent service and costs and expenses were within budget.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0• Raised overall customer service score for the district from 68% to 82%.\xa0• Improved sales performance with a positive comp sales result in the first two years in position.  Sales increase of 5% in 2005 vs. company + 2%, increase of 2% in 2006 vs company +1%.\xa0• Selected as a test market for a new POS system roll out based on strong operational results and strong analytical skills.\xa0• Was the regional captain for Gift Registry.  Was asked to brainstorm and suggest changes to the system based on customer feedback as well as previous experience with the roll out of Gift Registry at previous employer.\xa0• Improved turnover by 30% in the first year in position.Linens N Things - Grand Rapids, MI-April 2002 to October 2008Store ManagerLinens N Things-April 2002 to April 2005Directed and coordinated operations of multiple store locations.  Responsible for driving results in customer service, sales. profitability and expense control.  Ensured merchandise presentation standards were met, marketing and visual components in place, and product placement in the best location to drive sales.\xa0\xa0Accomplishments\xa0• Was asked to move store locations multiple times to turn around underperforming stores.  Was asked to transfer to the Chicago area to take on two challenging locations.  In all cases I was able to improve sales, service and overall presentation standards.  Regularly performed in the top 20% in sales and service in locations that I ran.\xa0• Was the inventory captain in the Grand Rapids market helping all locations prepare and successfully perform their inventory counts each year.\xa0• Trained and developed five Assistant Store Managers who all became Store Managers at some point during my tenure with the company.Store DirectorToys R Us-January 2000 to April 2002Remodel Coordinator January 1999-2000Store DirectorToys R Us - Grand Rapids, MI-June 1990 to April 2002Assistant Store DirectorToys R Us-May 1998 to January 1999Merchandise ManagerToys R Us-May 1995 to May 1998EducationBachelor's of Business Administration in Business AdministrationGrand Valley State UniversityMay 1995"]