['Store ManagerManagerVentura, CA-Detail oriented manager, with over 15 years of retail management experience. I am seeking a position where I can utilize my organizational and leadership skills. I believe a sense of urgency and speed of service are essential to any company’s success. I like to create a positive, upbeat and goal driven environment to ensure extraordinary customer service and company profit. I am a hard working, self starting, trusted manager with a flair for merchandising.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceStore ManagerWalgreens Pharmacy-2009 to PresentLeads a team of 25 retail and pharmacy associates to meet our company goals and provide customers with extraordinary customer service. Reviews sales report data and monitors store performance accordingly to ensure targets are met. Team\xa0member recruitment, hiring, training and developing of an effective sales staff. Builds and maintains strong relationships with team, customers, vendors, and colleagues.\xa0Developed and conducted Senior sensitivity training for all stores in district.\xa0Compliance lead and responsible for monthly safety meetings with all 14 stores in district. Participates in community events to promote health and wellness. Mentor to\xa0new store managers and track record of developing and promoting strong talent.\xa0Utilizes a keen eye and high standard of merchandising, placement, store branding, and proper display technique to create an inviting store for customers. Inventory\xa0auditor for district.Store DirectorSav-on / CVS Pharmacy-2001 to 2008Managed total store level operations, including staff hiring, training, evaluations and work schedules. Profit and Loss review and shrink reduction. Maximized sales and\xa0profitability through team member engagement and execution of company\xa0programs. Involved in numerous store openings, closings, as well as a complete\xa0company conversion. Ensured excellence in customer service and resolved all\xa0situations at store level. Conducted mass hiring for company. Conducted new hire\xa0training classes for district at time of conversion. Assisted other store managers with operations and inventory prep.EducationSome collegeSkillsINVENTORY (10+ years), TRAINING (10+ years), MERCHANDISING (10+ years), INVENTORY CONTROL (10+ years), ASSET PROTECTION (10+ years)Additional InformationSkills\xa0Excellence in customer management, visual merchandising, inventory control, staff\xa0training/development, customer loyalty, asset protection, and team engagement.']