["Acting Stockroom SupervisorActing Stockroom Supervisor - ZaraBowie, MD-Work ExperienceActing Stockroom SupervisorZara - Annapolis, MD-October 2015 to PresentActing on behalf of supervisor during absences and acting as team during meetings with other department supervisors. I am also responsible for accuracy and securing items in the stockroom. As an acting supervisor, my responsibilities are inclusive of but not limited to customer service, merchandise placement, stock management, loss and theft prevention.\xa0● Trainer: Responsible for training new hires as well current team on store roles, policies and responsibilities. I'm often called upon by store supervisors and managers to take the lead with advising store employees on accurate behaviors and employee conflict resolutions. When needed, I volunteer to come into the store on my days off, working another team members department or shift.\xa0● Stock Associate: Responsible for maintaining a neat and clean stockroom, making sure merchandise is organized according to section, categories and code number. Accountable for receiving and stocking new weekly shipments. Following procedures during shipment making sure all stock is on time with protocol, labeled correctly, replenish merchandise when running low on the floor, and assisting with the high demands of customers when needed.Sales AssociateTarget Corporation - Lanham, MD-May 2014 to October 2015Responsible for answering customers' questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection. Take inventory and examine the store merchandise and identify items to be reordered and replenished. Also design and set up signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters or tables to attract customers and promote sales.\xa0● Cashier: As a cashier I itemize and total customer merchandise selections at checkout utilizing a cash register and accept cash or charge card for their purchases. I also pack customer purchases in bags and cartons.\xa0● Stock/ Floor Clerk: My main responsibilities are to receive, store, and issue sales floor merchandise. I also stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with merchandise and arrange merchandise displays to attract customers attention. I clean display cases, shelves and aisles. I periodically take physical count of stock or check and mark merchandise.\xa0\xa0Academic Achievements:\xa0• Majored in Fashion Design in a specialized high school program.\xa0• Studied classical piano from the 8th -12th grades. Studied under Alma Bethea.\xa0• Honor Roll for 12th grade\xa0\xa0Volunteer Services:\xa0• Member and volunteer, Bowie Church of Christ, Bowie MD. Helped prepare and serve food for those in need. Worked on this effort through most of my high school years. 10th, 11th and 12th grades to present.EducationFashion MerchandisingLaboratory Insinuation of Merchandise - New York, NYAugust 2013 to April 2014Bowie High School - Bowie, MDMay 2013SkillsCUSTOMER SERVICE (3 years), RETAIL SALES (6 years), SALES (4 years), DATA ENTRY (1 year)Additional InformationSkills:\xa0Customer Service, Multitasking, Critical Thinking, GoogleChrome, Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, Retail Sales, Organization, Data Entry, Certified Bartender, Pianist."]