['Acting CFO/ControllerActing CFO/ControllerGlendale, CA-Work ExperienceActing CFO/ControllerMedical Group-September 2014 to September 2017During that time the company went from revenue of $300k to $26 million.  James acted during that time as CFO.  James instituted a full accounting system including posting past due entries and keeping the books updated until bookkeepers were hired.  James instituted weekly, monthly and multi-year cash budgeting, daily revenue, billing and patient reports, oversaw the accounting department, changed the accounts receivable department highlighting problem accounts and instituting methods for higher collections, set-up a management entity, created intercompany accounts regarding existing and new entities and the management company, wrote the accounting manual and handled all yearly procedural filings.  James handled all tax compliance including all entity corporate filings and individual tax returns of the principals.  James continues to have responsibility for individual and corporate tax returns of some of the principals.\xa0Tech Company\xa0• Acting controller for 3 years.  During the time at the company, James changed the daily accounting practices, wrote the company accounting manual, handled the year-end audit, instituted procedures to audit the revenue system, handled all tax matters including preparing the Corporate Return and ran the accounting department.\xa0\xa0Engineering (Comapny)\xa0• Headed up the accounting department for an auto parts/engineering company with sales in the tens of millions.  Was brought in 3 different times to run the accounting department.  Duties included responsibility for the Financial Statements, weekly reporting of the changes in accounts receivable, inventory, and cash, implementation of a new accounting software package, reconciliation of the subsidiary ledgers to the general ledger, etc.  While at the company, James was involved in the detection of malfeasance.  James instituted testing that company currently uses to prevent future malfeasance.\xa0Engineering Seminar Company\xa0• Headed up the accounting department of a company that ran seminars for the engineering industry.  The accounting department had been run by a department head that was deficient.  James brought the books and records that had 8 months of missing financial data, current.\xa0Receivership Duties\xa0Condo/Retail Complex - Crossland & Associates were the Receiver on a 95 condo unit, 5 retail space complex in Northern California.  James oversaw the accounting responsibilities, negotiations with the city, removal of tenants and squatters, securing the building, overseeing building repairs and construction completion.  After the owners declared bankruptcy and the Bank took over the property, the Bank kept Crossland & Associates on to aid in the eventual sale of the complex.\xa0Hardwood Flooring Company - Crossland & Associates were the Receiver on a mid-size hardwood flooring company.  One of the reasons the Bank requested Crossland & Associates was the Bank felt the company had been involved in wrong doing.  The Bank wanted Receivers with forensic accounting experience.  James found that the company had been creating false sales invoices to increase accounts receivable and the amount the Bank loaned to the company.  The Bank ended up settling with the company and collecting the full amount of the loan.\xa0\xa0Litigation support activities:\xa0• Provided testimony at trial numerous times.\xa0• Provided deposition testimony numerous times.\xa0Types of litigation support cases involved in:\xa0• Calculation of damages in connection with lost profits.\xa0• Calculation of economic damages in connection with a multitude of cases involving both plaintiffs and defendants.\xa0• Bankruptcy cases involving investigative work for creditors in connection with cash collateral and plans of reorganization.\xa0• Bankruptcy cases involving solvency determinations.\xa0• Forensic accounting investigations of many types - primarily to determine disposition of funds.\xa0• Valuation of businesses in connection with litigation matters.\xa0Other Activities\xa0Mr. Crossland is also a licensed California Real Estate Broker.EducationBachelor of Science in AccountancyUniversity of Southern CaliforniaCertifications/LicensesCPA']