['Acting as a primaryActing as a primary - Advia Credit Union-Work ExperienceActing as a primaryAdvia Credit Union - Parchment, MI-April 2016 to PresentParchment, MI\xa0April 2016 - Present\xa0Management of vendor relationships, including digital banking, network installation, consolidated printing\xa0management, work space technology, and electronic signature technology. Collaborating with other business\xa0units on suggestions for improvement and ensuring current procedures are successful. Acting as a primary\xa0support base for digital banking, including project management and implementation. Providing on site support and demonstration of new products. Ensuring vendors are performing to organizational expectations, including\xa0prompt resolution of issues. Assisting with review and development of digital product road map. Ensuring ideal\xa0user interface and design of member facing technology. Acting as escalation support for specific internal\xa0hardware and network issues. Collaborating with our Infrastructure team and vendors to ensure that networking\xa0is adequate for specific hardware needs. Collaborating with our Information Security team to ensure specific\xa0hardware is meeting security standards.Information Systems AdministratorHastings City Bank - Hastings, MI-December 2015 to April 2016Responsible for oversight, administration, and back up support for bank systems. Overseeing onsite IT technical\xa0support. Responsible for project management and ACH technical support. Working with bank management and officers to promote communication and ensure quality service delivery throughout the bank and with external\xa0customers. Providing support to other Operations Administrators and Bank Management. Oversight of\xa0Marketing technical support, including website support. Membership in the Information Technology,\xa0Information Security, Website Redesign, System Enhancement, Compliance, and Social Media Committees.Management TraineeHastings City Bank - Hastings, MI-May 2015 to December 2015Front of the line and teller duties, technological project management, account balancing, report producing,\xa0business customer presentations, handling customer inquiries, ensuring regulatory compliance, assisting with strategic planning, assisting with marketing tasks, and web content updates. Rotations included Electronic\xa0Banking, Deposit Operations, and Loan Operations.EducationBachelors of Business Administration in ManagementGrand Valley State University - Allendale, MILinkshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/jamescoswald']