['BillerClanton, AL-Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceBillerHNH Immunizations-September 2017 to February 2018My responsibilities for this company consists of transferring student information, i.e. Name, address, DOB, and most importantly insurance carrier to HNH data base online for them to proceed with insurance claims for payment to HNH for providing immunizations such as Flu Vaccines as well as others for the state of Alabama.  One of the main insurance data bases I worked with was the Alabama Medicaid Portal.  The work was very detailed oriented and had to be completed (by myself), precise and informative for proper claiming and payment. I achieved in billing up to 500 claims a week.Co-Manager/Acting Store ManagerLittle Caesars-September 2007 to July 2008Job responsibilities included:  proper opening/closing procedures while managing scheduled crew, staying "Hot And Ready"/maintaining accurate product times, pizzas, wings, etc..  Providing excellent customer service while maintaining daily restaurant operations.  Daily operations include food cost and labor control, weekly inventory counts, training of new employees, and monetary handling such as register tills, cash drops as well as cash deposits.  I am very experienced with PNL interpretation, sales projecting/forecasting, year-to-date sales, etc.  Increased company morale and showed great leadership towards my crew.EducationSome collegeSkillsVery computer literate, excellent phone/greeting skills, and most importantly am willing to learn new company procedures while applying past, knowledgeable experience to present day operations. (10+ years)Additional InformationI also have 20 plus years experience in maintaining a household and family.  I have excellent organizational skills and appreciate the importance of having a clean and professional working environment.  I know the importance of having strong leadership skills and the importance of letting it show in my work while teaching others such skills and maintaining efficient and successful company morale.']