['Packaging SupervisorPIC - Leprekon Harvest FoodsZillah, WA-Strong interpersonal skills, quick learner with the ability to handle multiple tasks while\xa0maintaining high productivity levels without supervision. I am eager to try new things, & I am\xa0not afraid to ask questions. I am extremely thorough and well organized, detail oriented,\xa0working well as a team player, as well as an individual. I have a high level of pride, dedication\xa0and efficiency regarding my work style as well as professional & personal ethics, I have a very\xa0energetic work attitude. Having worked in the field of customer service for over 20 years in a\xa0variety of positions & utilizing a wide array of office machinery and systems I have developed\xa0high levels of patience as well as efficiency which has assisted in increasing customer loyalty\xa0while minimizing customer dissatisfaction.Work ExperiencePackaging SupervisorMLM Enterprises - Zillah, WA-July 2017 to April 2018Responsible for managing inventory of product. Fulfillment of orders, labeling product and ship to stores. Manage staff breaks and lunches, management of inventory and helped out in other\xa0departments.PICLeprekon Harvest Foods - Zillah, WA-June 2015 to July 2017Person In Charge)\xa0Responsible for nightly closing of the store, including closing out of the cash registers,\xa0reconciliation & balancing of the cash drawers and recording data in the computerized\xa0bookkeeping system. Providing customer service by greeting customers and ascertaining what\xa0each customer wants and needs as well as assisting as their cashier to keep the customer flow\xa0moving efficiently. Manage staff breaks and lunch times, management of inventory and stocking of shelves while keeping an eye on product dates. Maintain store appearance & cleanliness.Acting ManagerChevron West Zillah-June 2011 to June 2015Responsible for opening and closing of cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money,\xa0balancing of cash drawers and making deposits. Interviewing and hiring of staff, as well as overseeing staff training. Direct and supervise employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking,\xa0reconciling cash receipts, or in performing other customer service activities for customers. Use\xa0computer to organize and locate inventory, operate spreadsheets & word processing software,\xa0place specials orders or call other stores to find desired items. Ordering of products in the store and inputting into computer system. Receiving payment or obtain credit authorization for transactions, cleaning of shelves, counters and tables.BartenderTuscan Sands Zillah - Zillah, WA-April 2010 to June 2011Check identifications of customers to verify age requirements for the purchase of alcohol.\xa0Collect money for drinks served, present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu\xa0items, making recommendations upon request. Take beverage orders, mix drinks, serving of wine and beer. Compile and balance cash receipts at the end of the day or shift.BartenderStonehenge - Zillah, WA-March 2008 to March 2010Check identifications of customers to verify age requirements for the purchase of alcohol.\xa0Serving of beer, wine and mixed drinks. Collect money for drinks served. Present menus to patrons and answer questions about the menu items making recommendations upon request. Sale of gambling tickets to customers. Cleaning of tables and bar each night.Housing Case ManagerTriumph Treatment Services - Yakima, WA-April 2003 to July 2009Management of patient files, supervise volunteer staff, daily face to face interaction with tenants.\xa0Collect of deposits & rent, complete required weekly apartment checks.\xa0Facilitate information for DSHS, CPS and Housing Authority.Educationdiploma in general studiesA.C. Davis High School1989SkillsCLOSING (6 years), SALES (4 years), BOOK KEEPING (Less than 1 year), DATA ENTRY (Less than 1 year), INVOICE (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSkills:\xa0Opening/closing procedures, Invoice processing, Book keeping, 10-Key, & Detailed Monetary\xa0Skills. Data Entry, Microsoft Word, Running of Computerized Data Reports   providing required\xa0weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.\xa0Thorough knowledge of promotional & markdown procedures. Staff scheduling & staff\xa0management.']