['COE Adult Unit ESS1Holiday, FL-Results driven, resourceful and passionate administrative professional looking for a position as an Administrative Assistant. Offers exceptional clerical abilities, strong attention to detail, and great proficiency\xa0in MS Office Suite.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceCOE Adult Unit ESS1Department of Children and Family Services - Tampa, FL-August 2017 to PresentInterpret, explain and apply complex statutes while following policy and procedures. Data entry with an extreme focus on customer relations. Research data and individuals using multiple data bases and input information with 100% accuracy.Adapt to frequent statute, policy and procedural changes. Accurately perform mathematical computations .Analyze records, files and other documents to reach logical and legal conclusions. Communicate in a courteous, professional and tactful manner, both orally and in writing, with all levels of staff and a diverse customer population.Ensures all assets and information are appropriately handled and safeguarded. Communicates and works effectively with all personnel and customers. Ability to multi task and resolve issues.Office GeneralistDepartment of Motor Vehicles - Lorton, VA-September 2013 to June 2016Interpret, explain and apply complex statutes such as the Motor Vehicle Code, and other laws, rules, regulations, policies and procedures. Adapt to frequent statute, policy and procedural changes. Accurately perform mathematical computations and balance and reconcile a cash drawer. Analyze records, files and other documents to reach logical and legal conclusions. Communicate in a courteous, professional and tactful manner, both orally and in writing, with all levels of staff and a diverse customer population. Operate all office equipment including but not limited to; fax machine, copier, scanning system, computers, computer information systems and databases. Technical knowledge, processing accuracy and productivity levels to effectively support the CSC operations. Accurately performs all transactions and issues credentials with a customer service focus. Ensures all assets and information are appropriately handled and safeguarded. Communicates and works effectively with all personnel and customers. Ability to multi task and resolve issues.Acting Store ManagerVA ABC - Alexandria, VA-January 2012 to September 2013Responsible for opening and closing store. Supervised 4+ employees. Balanced cash drawers at beginning and ending of shifts. Entered daily deposit amount into computer systems to balance daily profit. Ran store in the absence of management. Ordered and stocked inventory as needed. Entered vendors orders into computer data base systems and pulled inventory off shelves as needed. Maintained excellent customer service skills.EducationCriminal JusticeWestwood College-Annandale - Annandale, VA2007 to 2009High school or equivalentMonacan High School - Richmond, VA1997SkillsMicrosoft Office (7 years)Certifications/LicensesCulturally Competent Customer Service']