Artistic camp instructorWoodstock, GA-Multi- talented, creative theatre arts instructors capable of reaching all ages. Flexible, versatile and skilled producer, director and teacher who can focus on the individual and cater to their strengths .Work ExperienceArtistic camp instructorAll Fired Up - Marietta, GA-September 2015 to PresentAct as camp instructor for all school break camps. Teach a variety of ceramic, glass and clay techniques in a fun and creative way for ages 7 and up. Responsible for daily maintenance and instruction in the studio. Daily tasks include loading and unloading two ceramic kilns and one glass kiln, restocking, glazing painted bisque and general customer service.General ManagerMake Meaning - New York, NY-September 2009 to December 2013Supervised all day to day operations for interactive creative arts retail/party venue in NYC and Boston. Responsible for interview and hiring process. Provided extensive teaching and training on interactive activities including; candle and soap making, pottery painting and cake decorating. Managed and assisted in execution of all venue events and marketing initiatives. Facilitated a supportive and developmental employee culture. Responsible for venue\'s budget and P & L performance. Collaborated with senior management on improvement initiatives and plan development for increased efficiency and profitability. Developed and fostered high quality standards for achieving exemplary customer service.Director/Acting InstructorTurtle Shell Productions - New York, NY-January 2005 to March 2011Directed multiple youth productions for Turtle Shell Production\'s Youth division. Productions include: Turtle Tales, Summ..arShorties Some are not, 8 Minute Madness Youth Fest III, IV and V, and Capes and Ties. Responsible for picking out the plays that were both age and content appropriate, casting, and all blocking and staging. Ran workshops for cast members in areas such as acting, voice and improv.Head Chair of BoardTurtle Shell Productions-January 2005 to March 2011Helped pick season of three main stage productions as well as workshop readings. Served as primary facilitator for monthly board meeting.  Auditioned and helped artistic producer in choosing new troupe members to join the company.  Coordinated board members schedules and set up by-monthly board meetings. Organized subcommittees of members to establish dialogue between members and executive director.  Collected dues from members and established chart to keep track of members due, attendance and work hours. Maintained multiple schedules for show schedule, readings and general maintenance of building. Acted as attendant by aiding instructor for workshops and readings.Office Manager/Administrative AssistantPrasad Consulting and Research-November 2003 to July 2006Received all calls on the admissions central line and trafficked calls appropriately.  Developed and Standardized system for filing of client information. Maintained all business expenses including office procurement. Maintained multiple calendars in order to coordinate schedule of CEO\'s appointments. Data Entry: managed excel charts, for Annual Reports, invoices and various office documents.Camp Acting Instructor-June 2003 to August 2003Taught acting, dance and theatre arts to all ages. Directed main stage final presentation "Aesop\'s Fable" Responsible for all aspects of production including costumes, set and photography.Acting InstructorArts Live - Fayetteville, AR-September 2002 to March 2003Introduction to Acting, and Acting I.  Taught ages 6-12.  Created and organized workshops covering everything from acting, stage combat and voice and diction.\xa0\xa0♦ Director/Producer/Actor: Stop Kiss, Terrapin Troupe. Responsible for picking the script out of a variety of choices that focused on strong roles for women, applying for rights and casting rest of the ensemble. Coordinated actors schedule, set sound design and aided in light design. Responsible for program design, running the box office and cleaning up the theatre after the show. Created a budget for advertising, concessions and all aspects of production.  Assisted in building of set, costume decisions and strike.Acting InstructorUniversity of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR-September 2001 to March 2003Full responsibility for teaching Introduction to Theatre and Acting I. Responsible for creating syllabus, keeping track of grades and student\'s schedule.Acting ArtistClimb Children\'s theatre-September 1999 to March 2000Performed with touring children\'s theatre that taught valuable lessons through plays about abuse, how to say no and other relevant topics facing children of all ages. Performed for ages 5-17.\xa0\xa0PROFESSIONAL/ CHILD CARE EXPERIENCETeaching AssistantTheatre Department - Northeast, Louisiana, US-September 1998 to March 1999Taught Acting Techniques, Directing I, Introduction to Theatre, and assistant directed mainstage productions.Directing and theatre related experience-September 2003 DIRECTING AND RELATED THEATRE EXPERIENCE\xa0♦ Director: Turtle Tales, 8 Minute Madness III, IV and V, Summ..ar Shorties, Some are Not, Capes and Ties, Turtle Shell Youth Productions, New York\xa0♦ Director- Beyond the Horizon, Eugene O\'Neil Play festival, New York\xa0♦ Director - Aesop\'s Fables, Arts Live, Fayettevile, Arkansas\xa0♦ Director - Kidnapped, Northeast Louisiana University\xa0♦ Assistant Director -The Glass Menagerie, Northeast Louisiana University\xa0♦ Assistant Costume Designer- Little Shop of Horrors, Northeast Louisiana University\xa0♦ Assistant Costume Designer- Dining Room, Brown TheatreEducationMaster of Fine Arts in ActingUniversity of Arkansas - Fayetteville, ARMay 2003Bachelor\'s in TheatreNortheast Louisiana University - Monroe, LAMay 1999SkillsMicrosoft office (5 years)