Acting as a new lead guideActing as a new lead guideMinneapolis, MN-Work ExperienceActing as a new lead guidePeaceful Valley Montessori Academy - Eden Prairie, MN-December 2017 to March 2018in this new school, I was responsible for setting up an unestablished classroom. From ordering new materials, bringing elements up to licensing\xa0code to filing student paperwork, I constricted a beautiful space from an empty room.\xa0In addition to setting up the classroom space, I also guided 14 new-to-school children and families to create a normalized classroom and community.\xa0Through writing weekly newsletters, taking photographs of the workday, and individual\xa0communications, I worked tirelessly to build a harmonious classroom environment.\xa0In addition to my classroom duties, I also drafted Toddler Room Transition letters to keep\xa0parents informed of the changes between Toddler and Children's House communities.Lead Teacher in Children's HouseMiniApple Int'l Montessori - Minneapolis, MN-August 2015 to December 20171125 5th st SE Minneapolis, MN\xa0August 2015 to December 2017\xa0Continuing my ongoing work to observe and learn from new environments and school\xa0structures, I am the Lead Teacher in Children's House 3. Over my time here, I have enjoyed\xa0training assistants, serving the community of parents on a 1-on-1 basis, and forging\xa0connections with the children. I have been able to execute my own Montessori lesson plans, which has been overwhelmingly rewarding.The Family School - New York, NY-July 2014 to August 2015in this family-oriented,\xa0multicultural school for their summer camp program. I enjoyed the challenge of learning new\xa0requirements in a new city and diving in to a new and exciting school community.\xa0Blue Valley Montessori School, a Montessori Unlimited Affiliate\xa011100 W 135th St, Overland Park, KS 66221\xa0August 2013 to May 2014\xa0I was a guide in this Montessori environment. This includes creating accurate Montessori lesson plans,\xa0creating weekly Parent Communication Letters, creating a changing, engaging environment for the children. I live and teach by MEPI's values of peace, Positive Discipline conflict resolution, and focus on becoming a global citizen.ActingJohnson County Montessori - Overland Park, KS-August 2011 to June 2013as a morning assistant, I was responsible for restoring the environment, including cleaning\xa0duties and snack preparation as well as ever remaining a source of positivity and guidance for the children. I am also responsible for directing children back to work and demonstrating lessons during\xa0Montessori work time. In the afternoon, I take on the responsibilities of a lead teacher. Preparing\xa0instructive and constructive circle times are my main duties, as well as providing smooth end of the day transitions.substitute, I acted as leadGlobal Montessori Academy - Kansas City, MO-June 2011 to August 2011in classrooms where the lead teacher was away. My daily\xa0responsibilities included creating lesson plans relating to a specific topic, giving demonstrations, and nap duty. I also was responsible for supervision during the several field trips that were planned. This\xa0position was a wonderful experience that has allowed me to develop into a more confident and experienced educator.EducationBachelor of Fine Arts in Fine ArtsKansas City Art Institute2010high school diplomaMaharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment2006