Kitchen LeadKim S Wilson Computer Services Computer ServicesBenton, TN-Authorized to work in the US for any employerWork ExperienceKitchen LeadOCOEE RETREAT CENTER - Ocoee, TN-April 2014 to PresentI am responsible for all activities in the kitchen from dining room set up, cooking and serving to washing dishes. This also includes customer service and making sure our clients needs are met to our full capabilities.Owner/OperatorKim S Wilson Computer Services Computer Services-June 1996 to PresentI work with individual clients and businesses, building, servicing, repairing and consulting on their computer and IT systems. This includes computer building and setup, hardware and software repair, installation and replacement if necessary. I work with networks, construct web pages and consult on all types of computer issues. I address the needs, commands and wishes of clients, fulfilling these as required. I am solely responsible for my entire business from operations to finances.Acting IS DirectorNational Xpress Logistics-March 1994 to June 1996I was responsible for acting direction of the IT department including management responsibilities as well as hands on duties, involved in AS400 programming and project management.  I also interacted, negotiated and worked with clients and vendors, meeting their needs and or wishes as best as possible. This position also included writing and submitting quarterly reports to upper management. I also did research and analysis and submitted this to my management team as well as upper management.  I supervised my team and delegated as necessary.  I programmed and managed projects using AS400 as well as other programming languages.EducationAssociate Degree in Business in Computer and Information Sciences and Support ServicesCLEVELAND STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Cleveland, TNMay 1986General in GeneralPOLK COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL - Benton, TNSeptember 1977 to May 1981SkillsAS400 (2 years), clerk. (Less than 1 year), inventory (Less than 1 year), lab technician (Less than 1 year), retail (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationAND INFO\xa0\xa0I have extensive experience in all areas of computers. My main programming language is AS400. I have experience in management and work very well with others. I have also worked in the retail field with experience in sales and inventory, etc. I am a quick learner in many thing asked of me. In short, I can take on and execute effectively and  efficiently any job given me, whether it be in an office, a factory or in upper or lower management. I have also in the past worked as a photo lab technician and as a convenience store clerk. When I accept a job I give my all. In short, when given a job, I can take it on and effectively execute it, no matter what it happens to be. I work with individual clients and businesses, building systems, servicing, repairing and consulting on their computers and IT systems. This includes anything that pertains to hardware and software diagnostics, repairs and replacements.  I work with networks, construct web pages and consult on all types of computer issues. I address the need and wishes of my clients until they are fully satisfied.\xa0\xa0If you wish, go to my Facebook business page: http://kimswilsoncomputers.vpweb.com.\xa0Here you will find a little more information about my current business.